---
layout: terms-conditions
title: "Data Privacy Regulations"
permalink: /data-privacy-regulations/
---
 
 
 
<h3 class="s-33 w-700">Secure Industries, Inc. Privacy Policy</h3>
<p><em> This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 1, 2021</em></p>
<p>Secure Industries Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (referred to herein as “Secure Industries”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) acknowledges that your privacy and protection of your personal information is important to you, and we are committed to protecting your privacy. This policy describes the measures taken by us to protect the privacy of individuals visiting our website&nbsp;<a href="https://www.defensx.com">www.DefensX.com</a>&nbsp;(the “Site”) and the privacy of individuals who provide their personal information to us in connection with our software (“Software”) offered as part of our DefensX Solutions (“Services”)and is intended to inform you of our practices and policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of that information that you provide us through the Site, including Personal Data.&nbsp;</p>
<h4 class="s-30 w-700"><span>1.</span>Our General Policies around GDPR</h4>
<p><b>Secure Industries is committed to taking commercially reasonable measures to comply with Standard Contractual Clauses, summarized as following:</b></p>
<p><b>Purpose Limitation:</b></p>
<p>We use the information we collect to improve the cybersecurity posture of our services that our end-users benefit.</p>
<p>We never sell customer data.</p>
<p>We never collect sensitive data.</p>
<p>We don’t run ads for other services in our products or services.</p>
<p><b>Data Minimisation:</b></p>
<p>We limit the data we collect: if we don’t need it, we don’t ask for it.</p>
<p>We limit the permissions our applications request on your devices.</p>
<p><b>Transparency &amp; Security of Processing:</b></p>
<p>We have strict measures to limit&nbsp; the access to the data internally, including privileged access tools, data anonymization, in-transit encryption, data in rest encryption, etc.</p>
<p>We have appointed a Data Protection Officer internally.</p>
<p>We require our employees and contractors to be trained on data privacy, behave accordingly and sign non-disclosure agreements.</p>
<h4 class="s-30 w-700"><span>2.</span>Type of Information Collected and Used</h4>
<p>The information collected through our Services is for the purpose of providing the service for which you have engaged with us and in compliance with applicable laws and the terms of this Policy. We collect information, including Personal Data only as necessary to interact with you, improve your user experience and provide you relevant data and services. When you register to use, have an interest in using, or purchase any of the Services, when you engage in certain activities on the Site, such as requesting a demo, seeking customer support, or requesting information from us, you may be asked or required to provide certain data, including Personal Data. “Personal Data” means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, without limitation, your name, billing and mailing address, phone number, e-mail address, as well as other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of that data. When you register for, utilize and/or purchase Services on behalf of a company, we may also ask you to provide information regarding the company, such as the company’s name, address, phone number and other contact information, the designated administrator or point of contact for the company’s account with us, the number of individuals employed by the company, the number of employees within the organization who will be using the Services, which information is referred to herein as “Company Data.” We may collect data about you or your company from other sources with which you have registered, including our partners, and may associate this information with the other data we have collected about you or your company. The term “your Personal Data” as used in this Privacy Policy includes your Personal Data as well as the Personal Data of your administrator and company.</p>
<p>Most of the information that Secure Industries collects through the DefensX Solutions is not Personal Information and relates to the processes of devices protected against cybersecurity attacks. Such information includes device or network usage, endpoint login data, types and versions of operating systems and browsers, file execution information and software applications. Where we do collect Personal Data through the Services, we do so under the authority of our subscribers, which are corporate entities often. The use of information collected through our Services is limited to the purpose of providing the Services for which our subscribers engage Secure Industries, Inc..&nbsp;<b>We do not use any Personal Information collected through our Services to contact or market products or services to these individuals.&nbsp;</b>When you visit our Site or use our Services, you may be connecting to our portals and information may be gathered only as necessary to interact with you and provide you with the relevant data and services. To make our Site and Services more useful to you, we may collect information regarding your browser type, operating system, internet protocol (IP) address, domain name and/or a date/time stamp of your visit. If you are logged into your account, we may associate that information with your account. We may also use cookies, which are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer while you are viewing the website, and navigational data, such as URLs and other technology, to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the items that you viewed, searched and/or clicked on. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of our Site or portions of our Services may not work properly for you. Like all security tools, we will automatically gather this information and store it in log files while you are using the service. We anonymize the logs we collect and only associate with the end user personally identifiable information (PII) when there is potential a cyber security risk to report it to your enterprise administrators.</p>
<p><b>Collection of Information by Third Parties</b></p>
<p>We don’t allow any third party to collect any information we have collected.</p>
<p><b>Purposes of Information Collection - Uses and Disclosure</b></p>
<p>We take the privacy of our users and customers seriously. Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we will not sell, rent, or otherwise provide your e-mail address or other Personal Data or company data that we receive from you to any third parties for marketing purposes or allow any other user of the Site or the Services, in their capacity as such, to have access to your account information without your authorization. We do not use your e-mail address or other Personal Data to send commercial or marketing messages without your ability to opt out. Additionally, we do not disclose your Personal Data to third parties, other than those third parties performing tasks on our behalf and under our instructions, such as third-party service providers who work on behalf of us to provide or enable some of the services and/or features of our Site and Services or to help us communicate with you, or use your personal information for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you, without your ability to opt out. We may contact you or your administrator via e-mail for non-marketing administrative or transactional purposes, such as notifying you of customer service issues or for purposes of providing the Services.</p>
<p>We may use your Personal Data, non-personally-identifiable information such as anonymous usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, etc. and company data internally to establish your account and identify you as a user in our system, improve the quality and design of the Site and the Services and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing user preferences and trends. We may use your Personal Data, company data and other information for internal troubleshooting and other administrative purposes and for the purpose of enforcing our agreements with you, including this Privacy Policy and our subscription agreements and terms of service or use.</p>
<p>We use cookies and log file information to: (i) store information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Site; (ii) provide custom, personalized content and information; (iii) provide information about the cyber risks you or your company may encounter, etc.</p>
<p>We may provide your Personal Data or other information to third-party service providers who work on behalf of or with us to provide or enable some of the services and/or features of our Site and Services or to help us communicate with you. Examples of such services include sending e-mail, analyzing data, providing assistance in operating the Site and Services and providing customer service. We require our third-party service providers to agree not to use such information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us.</p>
<p>Secure Industries, Inc. will maintain an up-to-date sub-processor list authorized to process customer data which may include personal Data. In addition, Secure Industries, Inc. requires its Sub-processors to commit to written obligations regarding their security controls and protection of Personal Data. Following is Secure Industries list of Sub-processors:</p>
<p>Sub-Processor Name</p>
<p>Amazon Web Services (AWS)</p>
<p>Microsoft Corporation (Azure)</p>
<p>Zendesk, Inc.</p>
<p>Requesting More Information about a Sub-processor</p>
<p>Please email&nbsp;privacy@defensx.com&nbsp;to receive more information on the services a Sub-processor provides to Secure Industries, Inc. and such Sub-processor’s security controls, including any available third-party security reports or certifications.</p>
<p><b>Objecting to a Sub-Processor</b></p>
<p>After reviewing information related to a particular Sub-Processor obtained through the above link, an objection to a Sub-Processor can be made by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:privacy@defensx.com#f080829986919389b0949596959e8388de939f9d">privacy@defensx.com</a>&nbsp;with the subject “Sub-Processor Objection”, including the ground(s) for the objections relating to the protection of Personal Data.</p>
<p>However, we cannot control such third-party service providers and we assume no responsibility for their improper use or disclosure of your information.</p>
<p>We may disclose your Personal Data and other information if required to do so by law or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to (i) conform to the requirements of the law, (ii) comply with legal process served on us or the Site, or (iii) protect and defend our rights or property or those of our users or other parties.</p>
<p><b>Protection of your Information</b></p>
<p>We protect the security of the personal information you provide. Personal information we collect is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access, and we carefully protect this information from loss or misuse, and from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction in accordance with industry standards. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be completely secure. Although we use commercially reasonable measures to protect the security of data transmitted to us, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Site and are not responsible for the actions of any third party that may obtain unauthorized access to that data.</p>
<p><b>Privacy Policy Updates</b></p>
<p>We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the top of the Privacy Policy. If the changes to the Privacy Policy are significant, we will notify you by sending a notice to the primary e-mail address specified in your account, by sending a notice to your administrator, or by placing a prominent notice on the Site. Modifications to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Data, Payment Data and Company Data that you provided to us prior to such modifications. The modified Privacy Policy will be effective immediately when posted to our Site. If you do not wish to permit such changes in our use of your Personal Data, Payment Data or Company Data you must notify us immediately that you wish to deactivate your account with us. It is your responsibility to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are using and protecting the personal information we collect and what changes, if any, we have made to the Privacy Policy. Your continued access to or use of the Site, or submission to us of data and other information, constitutes your acceptance of and agreement to the modified Privacy Policy.</p>
<p><b>Ability to Access and Edit Personal Data</b></p>
<p>Subscribers of our Solutions may update or change their account information by editing their profile or organization record or by contacting&nbsp;<a href="mailto:privacy@defensx.com#04777174746b767044606162616a777c2a676b69">support@defensx.com</a>&nbsp;for more instructions. To request your Personal Data maintained by us be removed or sent to you, please email us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:privacy@defensx.com#97e7e5fee1f6f4eed7f3f2f1f2f9e4efb9f4f8fa">privacy@defensx.com</a>. Requests to access, change, or remove your information will be handled within 30 days.</p>
<p>You can choose not to provide personal information, although you may be prevented from using all or portions of the Site or Services by making that choice. You can opt out of our promotional or marketing e-mails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any such promotional or marketing e-mail or by sending an e-mail indicating your desire to opt out of such future promotional or marketing e-mails to&nbsp;privacy@defensx.com. You cannot opt out of administrative or transactional e-mails. You may set your browser, and/or browser add on, to block cookies, including cookies associated with the Services, but you should be aware that our Services, or a portion thereof, may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. You may request deletion of your Personal Data by contacting us at&nbsp;privacy@defensx.com, but please note that we may be required by law or otherwise to retain this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). Note also that if we do delete such information, you may be prevented from using any services for which that information was required and such deletion likely will be limited to removing the information from our active database, allowing us to retain the information in our archives. Secure Industries Inc shall not be liable for any consequences of such requests insofar as they limit our ability to provide Services, howsoever incurred.</p>
<p><b>International Transfer of Information Collected</b></p>
<p>We may store personal information about Website visitors and subscribers in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the United States and in other countries and territories. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such personal information from around the world, including from other countries in which Secure Industries, Inc. has operations. If you are visiting the Website or accessing the Content from the EEA or other regions with laws governing personal data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your personal information to the USA (countries we provide support from) and other jurisdictions in which we operate. By providing your personal information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.</p>
<p><b>Children:</b></p>
<p>The Site and the Services are not intended or directed to persons who are minors and we do not intentionally or knowingly collect Personal Data or other information from minors. By setting up an account on the Site, a user represents to us that he or she is not a minor. If we obtain actual knowledge that a user is a minor, we will take steps to remove that user’s Personal Data from our databases.</p>
<p><b>California Residents:</b></p>
<p>California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84 entitles you to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request by contacting us using the contact information below.</p>
<p>To learn more about your California privacy rights, please visit https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/privacy-laws.</p>
<p><b>Contacting Us</b></p>
<p>Please address Privacy Policy comments, requests, or questions to:<br> DefensX, Inc.<br> 101 Avenue of the Americas, 9<sup>th</sup> floor<br> New York, NY 10013 – 1905<br>Email:&nbsp;<b>privacy@defensx.com</b></p>
 